Fix: Install local docs references (#2417)
FlowFuse/website: src/blog/2022/02/flowforge-02-released.md

### Upgrading FlowFuse

If you installed FlowFuse 0.1 and want to upgrade, our documentation provides a

> guide for [upgrading FlowFuse on a local server](/docs/install/introduction/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
guide for [upgrading FlowFuse on a local server](/docs/upgrade/).
```
